Fixed typo in mqtt manager log message (#84)
danecreekphotography/node-deepstackai-trigger: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## Version 1.1.4

> - Changed the log error message from "Trigger manager" to "MQTT manager" in MqttManager.ts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where MQTT log messages contained "Trigger" as the message tag.
```
